[DataConnector] AWS S3 - update CloudTrail S3 policy (#3426)
Azure/Azure-Sentinel: DataConnectors/AWS-S3/AwsRequiredPolicies.md

   | {organizationId} | The account ID for an organization |
   | {kmsArn}         | The ARN of the key you created to encrypt/decrypt log files |

> **Allow CloudTrail to send logs to S3 bucket**<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Allow CloudTrail to send logs to an S3 bucket**

```

>  please note that you must add *s3:PutObject* action policy, in addition to this policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you apply this policy, you must also apply one of the two policies that follow.
```
